call regarding inmate number p4 8:05
the Derek J Murray my registrant number
is zero five one nine five four can you
even believe it I can't believe it
ten months early it's good news it's
great news maybe you got everything
going for you you're coming home
[Music]
we are somewhere in between in a middle
place
how is he he's fine no could you tell
mr. fine I need money
I'm trying we're trying let's go out I
really can't pop want to see all the
derrick on the big ship I want you to
stop from me baby he's going through a
tough time he's going through a tough
time X II thought that was you those
brown eyes wide open food I'm gonna try
to be what's happening next
I'll be better I promise he's a
convicted felon
please don't patronize me sir it's not
supposed to be like this
he's throwing good time there's a chance
you can't see two feet in front of you
I've missed you
we got something don't we next case
Derrick Murray
the past has disappeared in the future
it doesn't exist
till we get there
[Music]